spec(core): ldml: make hardware be an enum 🙀 (#8030)
keymanapp/keyman: core/src/ldml/C7043_ldml.md

| ∆ | Bits | Name             | Description                                |
|---|------|------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| 0+|  32  | flags            | int: per-layers options                    |
| 4+|  32  | hardware         | int: enumeration for hardware layout       |
| 8+|  32  | layer            | int: index to first layer element          |
|12+|  32  | count            | int: number of layer elements in this list |
|16+|  32  | minDeviceWidth   | int: min device width in millimeters, or 0 |

- `hardware`: an enumeration with the following values:
  - 0: `none` (not valid for use with hardware)
  - 1: `abnt2`
  - 2: `iso`
  - 3: `jis`

>   - 4: `us`

Reviewer: Can we describe these here?

Author: Probably should refer to CLDR which also doesn't describe them. 

Do you have a recommendation ?

Reviewer: How about: 

```suggestion
- `hardware`: an enumeration with the following values:
  - 0: `touch` - for touch layouts, not for use on hardware
  - 1: `abnt2` - Brazilian 103 key ABNT2 layout (iso + extra key left of right shift)
  - 2: `iso` - European 102 key layout (extra key right of left shift)
  - 3: `jis` - Japanese 109 key layout
  - 4: `us` - ANSI 101 key layout
```

But any text here is liable to generate controversial discussions... so our mileage may vary!

Author: Are you OK if i donate this text to TR35 instead?

Reviewer: Sure; I wrote those descriptions very quickly so be prepared for discussion!
